4

The works to be published in oetav0,sepa1ately,as
they were finished; the whole responsibility of the task
rosting upon the editors, who were to be chosen by the
Master 01 the Rolls with the sanction 01 the Treasury.

The Irords 01 Ηο1 Majesty’s lheasury, after a 00101111
consideration 01 the subject, expressed their opinion in a
Treasury Minuta, dated February 9, 18111101 the plan
recommanded by the Master 01 the Rolls “ was well
calculated for the acoomplisbment 01 this important
national object, in an 0110011101 and satisfactory manner,
within a reasonable time, and provided proper attention be
pald to eoonomy, in making the detailed arrangements,
without unneoessary expense.”

They expressod their approbation 01 the proposal that ,

each Chroniole and historieal document should be edited 3
in such a manner as to represent with all possible correct
nass the text 01 eaoh writer, derived 110111 a oollation 01
the best MSS, and that no notes should be added, except
such as were illustrative 01 the various readings. They
suggested, however, that 1110 prefaoe to each work should
oontain‚ in addition to the particulars proposed by the
· Master 01 110110110011031001100100001111101 the author,
so 101 as authentia materials existed for that purpose,
and an estimato 01 his historioal credibility and value.

Ralla Haase,
December 1857.

 

